Describe FSLeyes and NiiVue (#13)
open-dicom/awesome-dicom: readme.md

- [dicomViewerLib](https://github.com/fourctv/dicomViewerLib) - An Angular 9+ DICOMWeb viewer component, based on the [cornerstone.js](https://github.com/cornerstonejs/) project.
- [DWV](https://github.com/ivmartel/dwv) - DICOM Web Viewer (DWV) is an open source zero footprint medical image viewer library. It uses only JavaScript and HTML5 technologies, meaning that it can be run on any platform that provides a modern browser (laptop, tablet, phone and even modern TVs).
- [dwv-react](https://github.com/ivmartel/dwv-react) - Medical viewer using DWV and [React](https://react.dev/).

> - [NiiVue](https://github.com/niivue/niivue)  is a WebGL module that can be embedded into HTML, Vue, Angular, React, Electron and Capacitor frameworks. It provides scripting and drag and drop abilities to visualize and render voxel-based images (eg. DICOM, NIfTI), meshes, tractography streamlines and connectomes. [Live demos](https://niivue.github.io/niivue/) illustrate capabilities including [drawing](https://niivue.github.io/niivue/features/cactus.html) functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [NiiVue](https://github.com/niivue/niivue) - A WebGL module that can be embedded into HTML, Vue.js, Angular, React, Electron and Capacitor frameworks. It provides scripting and drag and drop abilities to visualize and render voxel-based images (e.g., DICOM and [NIfTI](https://nifti.nimh.nih.gov/)), meshes, and tractography streamlines and connectomes, as well as drawing functions ([demos](https://niivue.github.io/niivue/)).
```
Fixed the `NiiVue` entry to conform with the rest of the entries by adding a dash, and proposed a couple of minor changes.

#### Visualization

- [dicom-ecg-plot](https://github.com/marcodebe/dicom-ecg-plot) - Plot ECG data from DICOM ([demo](https://ecg.galliera.it/)).

> - [FSLeyes](https://fsl.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl/fslwiki/FSLeyes - A Python-based cross-platform visualization tool for NIfTI and DICOM images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [FSLeyes](https://fsl.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl/fslwiki/FSLeyes) - A cross-platform visualization tool for [NIfTI](https://nifti.nimh.nih.gov/) and DICOM images.
```
Fixed the `FSLeyes` link and removed the explicit “Python-based” bit, since it is implied by its location.

- [OnkoDICOM](https://github.com/didymo/OnkoDICOM) - DICOM-RT viewer with enhanced capabilities that make it useful for research in the field of Radiation Oncology. 

> - [MRIcroGL](https://github.com/rordenlab/MRIcroGL) - A cross-platform tool that supports many voxel-based image formats including DICOM. This natively compiled application provides a drag-and-drop user interface as well as Python scripting integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MRIcroGL](https://github.com/rordenlab/MRIcroGL) - A cross-platform tool that supports many voxel-based image formats including DICOM. This natively compiled application provides a drag and drop user interface as well as Python scripting integration.
```
Changed the previously existing “drag-and-drop” bit to conform with its previous styling as “drag and drop”, which also matches most the common styling I found in a Google search for the term.
